So we're fetching data writing data.
We're using our token to authenticate ourselves to get access to restricted resources refusing to use
ready to scope our products and also to scope our orders.
With that we have the application which we can see here.
Now one thing I noticed here is that if a log in and I go to my admin section I still don't see the
product that just created so something's wrong there.
Let's check our products.
Action creator where I fetched a product to where I do the filtering there I check that the owner I.D.
on the product I'm looking at is equal to my User A.
Yet here of course I have a error.
I still have my hardcoded owner I.D. that you owner I.D. here.
Well that should of course be retrieved from the back end.
So there for rest state a key dot owner ideal want to take the owner I.D. I get from the date I fetch
on firebase.
So if this change in place.
Now if we do this again and we do log in again if I now go to admin now I see my scarf there.